Issues that you may have: 
Graph not accurate? You need to check the scenarios created each time this thing (GetIrradiationandweatherdata) runs because OCR is limited and may cause issues. Check WeatherIrradiationRetriever.java and test it using Test_DES method Direct Call before going into the base folder to check. There is an error log if data.json isn't created. 
Errors could include: 
	a) List index? It's likely your reading isn't accurate. Run ocrv1.py print every statement, it's likely that OCR isn't downloading the image and reading it properly. Check if 500_image.png is downloaded. It's likely that solar repository sg isn't available. 
	b) TOMCAT Apache log showing an error with the owl files? Check data.json. It's likely that it's still interpreting your values differently. 
	c) Wind values too high? Irradiation too low? You will need to check if ocr is working. Print each line to check that your values are working.  
Graph not appearing? There are three agents at play: 
1) Weather Agent: There's only 10 calls per day limit at the free tier. If you hit that max, go to https://toolkit.solcast.com.au/ and check the number of calls you have remaining. If you want to switch accounts, you have to change the API key found in scrapy.py which is executed in pyforecast.bat when you want to check. The current account I'm using is registered under the cambridge email laura.ong@cares.cam.ac.uk with password "Porcia1!" It's not likely that Accuweather has an issue. But reminder that Accuweather does have a limit: 12 hourly is still okay, but 24 hourly is paid. Thus, once 24 hourly forecast is free (which is likely in two years from the time of this writing) you should switch it to 24 hourly because that's more accurate.  
2) Call Python agent: It should take roughly two minutes at this stage. Check timekeep.txt and output.txt to make sure it's running. If there's an error, then error.log file would be created. At this stage, I don't think there's a problem. 
3) Call Blockchain. There are several steps here: 
	a) Hook to infura. Instead of using an Ethereum Node like JPS Composition, I'm using an API to call Infura IO as I think it's more reliable than hosting an Ethereum Node on Claudius server. Check if infura is down, and if infura isn't working any longer you have to hook it to an Ethereum Node manually. 
	b) FileNotFound? So for a transaction to occur, you need to go check to see if you have the file built properly. Because you need the private key (which is a security nightmare) and the route to the private key/keystore/wallet file which contains your private key. If you do have the private key, check the BlockchainWrapper to see if you have the correct link. It should point to the computer's TOMCAT webapp folder. s
	c) Transaction not working? Alright, you need to download Metamask or go on Etherscan to check the following public key addresses: 
	Residential: https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/0x1eD35d5845F8162B40df26c34562cFabd4892017
	Commercial: https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/0xF7312b19628D3B862596DbCBCAC090135555a4aD
	Industrial: https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/0x6708a3A3D9CA9624D1C26Ce2a033f7b332a78dde
	Electric Grid: https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/0xCB37bDCAfb98463d5bfB573781f022Cd1D2EDB81
	Solar: https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/0xAf70f1C1D6B1c0C28cbDCa6b49217Aa6FA17b6A8
	You're really likely to encounter a point where the Residential/Commercial/Industrial have ran out of ether because I don't have an autorun that would recharge ether, so I'm doing it manually. The rinkeby faucet is bot proof unfortunately, so my autoruns have been failing. What you need for rinkeby faucet is: 
		1) Post something on facebook/twitter with the above addresses
		2) Copy the url of the post and submit it on rinkeby faucet. 
	As can be seen: this means you need an authenticated twitter account. I can write a scraper, but I don't think it's worth the effort of having to open a chromium browser, fill in details and grab data from twitter before failing as it submits to rinkeby faucet. 
	Metamask is a good tool to check the values, so here are instructions: 
		1) Install Metamask plugin in firefox or chrome. 
		2) Either create an account in Metamask, or get a Ganache account. Then, get your 12 keyword phrase. This is important if you forgot your private key. 
		3) Here are the ones that I'm using for my Metamask account: lunch also tomorrow broom ripple dentist orange label kitchen body mountain tired
		4) Password for this metamask account: "Caesar1!"
	Once you've checked that infura is connected and there's enough ether value, there's something that I think can only be done. The paper says that this can be self sustaining if each player is a prosumer: It produces and consumes electricity. However, the python model clearly denotes two producers (ElectricGrid + Solar) and Three Users (Commercial + Industrial + Residential) which means in the long run that Ethereum account is going to run out of ether to pay for use. So you need to reset the values as I have shown. 
	This can be done through the Metamask plugin by sending ether back from Electric Grid and Solar.

You can't find the wallet file? It should be found as a json file in JPS_DES/Resources. If not, generate your own by using the 12 keyword phrase in MyEtherWallet.com. 

This entire process should take less than six minutes to run. If it does more, then look through the above checklist
Q: What about these errors? 
Source map error: Error: NetworkError when attempting to fetch resource.
Resource URL: moz-extension://1b7763b0-c48d-4cb1-95ed-19dc9d7a3b9d/contentscript.js
Source Map URL: ../sourcemaps/contentscript.js.map
Source map error: Error: request failed with status 404
Resource URL: http://jparksimulator.com:82/desplot
Source Map URL: ../sourcemaps/inpage.js.map
A: Sorry, I'm not sure either. 


If there are any further inquiries, message me through my github account at @kuiqejw. 
